however we want a good fight here again
for part 8 of pokemon rumble point
through and this part we start off the
b-grade right here I'm just kind of
buying time checking out the dungeons
and checking out the Pokemon I half as
you can see there my Persian is up to
level hundred and well I don't know
power 100 and set 37 now because we've
got the upgraded wonder key so we can
have levels over 100 now so as you can
see the pokemon in the dunder is
definitely change between the grades I
just caught a venom out there which is
actually kind of cool i switch to right
now and then a gnat's just cool looking
pokemon and he has this awesome
confusion attack that just ripped
through those other than Annette's and I
just I picked up another one but that
one wasn't that strong and only had
tackle attack I know I switch back to
hypno for some reason here but I
realized i didn't don't know why I would
do that so I switched to persian a
little bit of lag there hopefully
that'll be fixed soon I just got a new
portable hard drive so I'm freed up some
space on my computer and hopefully it'll
make it run better a week legs not that
bad some of the later videos it comes
back again but I don't know I guess
we'll have to wait and see I'll try
everything I can to get get it fixed
special respect to need around here
because he is my strongest pokemon it's
not as good as some alright clearing out
these large groups but especially with
the strength attack is really only good
for one or two really large pokémon to
take down since it takes some time to
charge up and everything there's a group
of Wigglytuff
yeah it's interesting to see the changes
in the Pokemon between the grades in the
dungeons that I think what keeps this
game and exciting I mean it's been
criticized for being repetitive but this
with all the differences in the pokemon
that you can see in the different
pokemon that you can catch throughout
all the different grades that I think
keeps it from being repetitive ways for
Pokemon fans that is you see a group of
Paris act here haven't seen that in the
game before so yeah I don't know I think
personally this game is very fun and I
mean the dungeons are repetitive but the
game itself well I don't that doesn't
really make sense but the dungeons are
repetitive but it doesn't feel so
repetitive I don't know whatever maybe
you understand what I'm saying maybe not
but either way I just picked up a
Pikachu and this one it has Thunder
shock and growl that must have been get
a venom off to had a lower level so pick
choose just destroying some of these uh
the status attacks that are very helpful
yeah and there's a little bit of lag
again there and I get another Pikachu
the video was studying to catch up I
just switched to that Pikachu this one
has quick attack which is actually and I
get another venema quick attack is
actually good because it can just whip
through large groups of guys very
quickly hence quick attack and
that I believe this tail whip which
helps aid quick attack so I'm just tail
whipping and quick attacking and Pikachu
is moving very slowly because of the leg
I stop there for a second to try to let
the video catch up unfortunately it's
not like I said hopefully I'm going to
be able to get this fixed somehow and
now we're going to have a quick
transition to bring us back towards a
career started I paused the game for a
minute to let the video ketchup and
hopefully stop the lag seem to have ya
worked fairly well it's lagging last
Pikachu is in a very fast Pokemon so
it's hard to tell i mean he's averaged
and now the boss is being cranked up and
as you can probably see very easily it
is a Raichu so i don't know if i keep
out Pikachu but if I do it's going to be
a mouse pokemon battle I guess picture
versus a lot of Pikachu and its larger
version right u quick attack is actually
very very good against the bosses as you
can see it just beasted right you
because he it hits them like numerous
times and then Pikachu flies right out
of the way so i did not get right you
but I'm not you just got destroyed there
so I don't know how much help you would
have been it either way yeah that's very
signature I guess quick tech also is
nice for areas like that to get away
quickly anyway yeah 101 Pokemon killed I
gets treat a bunch Pikachu some venom
awesome vet and adds all sorts of stuff
that dungeon and now I am back in the
terminal
and I am going to try to switch
Pikachu's moves here see what we get yes
I get grass knot which can be very
helpful so yes well try out more if
Pikachu in the next dungeon see you next
time